Ken was in hot water about forgetting his wedding anniversary.
Peter told his boss that he wouldn't quit. He's in it for the long haul.
Jack tried to be kind to his boss when he quit his job because he didn't want to burn his bridges.
Alan got the sack for repeatedly coming into work late.
The fireman said that injuries were common in his line of work.
The ball is in his court now. Let's wait for his decision.
It took me a month to learn the ropes at my new job.
The politician set the record straight about his experiences in the military.
The project was put on the back burner while the company focused on a more immediate problem.
Everyone agreed not to talk shop at the staff party.
It's time we get the ball rolling on the new project.
Jennifer took a position as an administrative assistant to get her foot in the door at the famous fashion company.
Greg had to put his weekend plans on hold and go into the office on Saturday for a few hours.
If we want to finish this by Friday, then we've really got our work cut out for us.
Jim and his father don't see eye to eye on the issue of abortion.
After some small talk, the interview began.
I really had to twist my sister's arm to get her to pick me up from the airport.
It's already 6 pm. Let's call it a day.
Most of the employees were kept in the dark about the merger until the last minute.
The boss told Janet to call the shots while he was away.
The company has been in the red since September.
After her holiday, it took Kate a few hours to get back up to speed on the recent developments in her company.
Todd was headhunted by his company's main competitor.
The group members were all on the same wavelength, so they were able to finish their project quickly.
Mike is a marketing genius. People often invite him to lunch or dinner so they can pick his brains.
As a rule of thumb, I don't eat food that smells bad.
My father reads the fine print on every contract he signs.
Jim found it hard to focus on his work with his boss breathing down his neck.
Having children can be an obstacle for women who want to climb the corporate ladder.
Mark's visa application was held up for six months because of red tape.
When his father died, Mark was given free rein to do whatever he liked with the family business.
When the boss was on holiday, everyone at the office slacked off.
The company has a glass ceiling that prevents women from being promoted to higher positions.
The boss gave the manager free rein with the new project. 
The computer company decided to give the workers an across-the-board increase in their salary.
We were forced to sell the computers at a big loss.
The government decided to bail out the failing bank in order to maintain stability in the economy.
Roger is an up-and-coming hockey player from Toronto.
The contractor gave us a ballpark figure for the cost of repairing the new building.
We were able to get a big bang for the buck when we advertised on the Internet.
There aren't many bankers who keep banker's hours these days.
We asked the bean counter to look over the figures in the new budget.
The new director was a big wheel in his previous company.
The bottom fell out of the market and I lost a lot of money.
When they examined the bottom line of the company they decided not to invest in it.
All my problems seem to be bottoming out. They can't get much worse. 
The boys in the back room told us that we must close down the factory as soon as possible.
After only three months the company was able to break even and start making profits.
We have been going through a severe budget squeeze at our company and must begin to stop spending money in a wasteful manner.
The land developer tried to buy off the politician but he was not successful.
You haven't done your share of the work by a long shot.
The company was bought out by another large company in the textile industry.
They took a calculated risk when they introduced the new computer screen onto the market.
The president of our company was a captain of industry and after he retired he was appointed to many government boards.
We were forced to carry over the sale to the Monday after the national holiday.
Our company is still facing difficult times and we will have to carry over last year's losses to this year.
The president's new idea carried the day and everyone supported him energetically.
The steel company carried through their plan to restructure all of their operations.
They closed out all of last season's merchandise.
They usually close the books at the end of February every year.
When he first started to work at his company he was asked to make cold calls using the telephone book.
The salesman came on too strong at the meeting and angered the other members of the team.
My father was a true company man and was always putting in an extra effort for his company.
The company has been cutting back on entertainment expenses for over a year now.
I won't cut corners just to save money. I put quality first.
The speech of the president was cut off when the electricity went off in the building.
We should sell the old machinery as soon as possible and try to cut our losses.
The new owner of the company is not very popular but he is able to deliver the goods.
Although the face value of the postage stamp was very low it sold at the auction for much money.
We were unable to double-check the costs of the new products before the price list was printed.
Everyone in our company is trying to figure out what our boss is going to do with the new equipment.
That new machine should fill the bill as to what we need to finish the job.
The new manager has his finger in the pie in all aspects of our company's business.
Our company has been gaining ground in our attempt to be the best in the industry.
We were unable to get the new product off the ground and will have to wait until next year.
We were able to get a break on the price of the painting and saved a lot of money.
Our boss gave us the green light to begin work on the new sales promotion.
The stock of the Internet company rose very quickly when they went public.
The car salesman gave us a hard sell so we decided to go to another dealer.
Heads will roll when our boss learns about the money that we have lost recently.
The company refused to deal with the customer's complaints until they saw them in black and white.
We have been in the market for a new computer for a long time but we still haven't bought one.
The company has been losing money recently but in the long run they should do very well.
The new company has been in the black for over a year now.
The company began to go into the red when the price of oil began to rise rapidly.
The company has a new automatic camera in the works but nobody knows about it yet.
They have been making a great effort to keep track of the number of visitors to their store.
The steel companies decided to jack up the price of steel at the beginning of the year.
Although he works very hard in his small business he has been unable to make a go of it and may soon go out of business.
Our boss means business when he tells everyone to try and work harder.
My friend had no money so he decided to buy the furniture on credit.
As soon as they purchased the company they began to put some of the equipment on the block.
They ran short of gasoline at the gas station and had to close early.
The automobile company has been drowning in red ink since the US dollar began to rise.
Now research has proved that the new drug is effective, everyone wants a piece of the action.
We decided to strike while the iron was hot and began to market the product around the time of the Olympics.
The children's toys were selling like hotcakes at the end of the year.
The stock market took a nosedive when the earnings of the oil company began to weaken.
We were able to make a sweetheart deal with our landlord and got the rent greatly reduced.
The company took on many new workers during the busy holiday season.
We decided it was necessary to take our company public in order to raise money to expand our facilities.
The government decided to take over the bank after it declared bankruptcy.
The department store closes down for three days every March in order to take stock.
The managers threw cold water on the plans to close down the factory for one week in August.
The president of our company is willing to throw a lot of money at the problem in the hope of solving it.
The computer manufacturing company has been in a tight spot since the shortage of computer chips appeared.
I spent the weekend trying to work out the budget estimates for next year.
It was impossible for the bank to collect the money so they were forced to write off the loan.
The employees turn over pretty regularly in this department.
The stores sold out their stocks of that game long before Christmas.
The manager has an ace up her sleeve. She'll surprise us with it later.
Given the high unemployment rates today, employers hold all the aces.
The insurance companies are cracking down on ambulance chasers.
We get two days off at Christmas and then it's back to the salt mines!
This store is famous for its bait and switch tactics.
Tom was given a blank check and told to negotiate the best deal possible.
There are no secret negotiations. Our dealings have always been above board.
It's usually safe to invest in a blue chip company.
The situation was so serious that after a few polite exchanges they quickly got down to brass tacks.
He's not going to break his back for such a low price!
Click businesses are usually more flexible than brick-and-mortar operations.
It was business as usual at the supermarket the day after the hold-up.
I'd love to have lunch with you  but I've got a report to finish - business before pleasure I'm afraid!
I'll hire your brother only if he is the best candidate. I'm sorry but business is business!
She once worked for a famous fashion designer but she couldn't stand the pace.
In today's competitive market it is better to carve out a niche and try to become the best in that area.
His latest invention turned out to be a real cash cow.
Andy cashed in his chips as soon as business started to slow down.
The business wasn't successful. There were too many chiefs and not enough Indians.
Paul's final argument enabled us to clinch the deal.
This warehouse is an important cog in our distribution machine.
He signed a copper-bottomed agreement with a distributor.
By importing large quantities and selling at low prices, they have cornered the market.
It was suggested that some creative accounting might help to attract investors.
When the new manager arrived, he didn't find the situation as cut and dried as he had expected.
The company is at the cutting edge of aeronautics.
The new manager wants to reduce costs by cutting out the dead wood.
Although I did all the spadework, my name was never mentioned.
The business world is tough today. There's a general dog-eat-dog attitude.
The talented young actress has the world at her feet.
Despite the recent measures, the economy is in the doldrums.
We're still considering several proposals, so it's not a done deal yet.
I do the grunt work - my boss gets the credit!
His years of research went down the drain when the company went bankrupt.
Fortunately it's not doom and gloom for all businesses, in spite of the economic situation.
Clinton and Obama teaming up for the elections would be a dream ticket for many Democrats.
Let's do a dry run of the ceremony to make sure everything goes smoothly.
The firefighter received a medal for his action which went above and beyond the call of duty.
The new accountant works all the time - first to arrive and last to leave. He's a real eager beaver!
It took a considerable amount of elbow grease to renovate the old house.
We farmed out the packaging to another company.
For information about the activities in this town, you should talk to John Brown. He's got a finger in every pie.
My boss gave me a free hand in the choice of supplier.
His willingness to get his hands dirty won the respect and approval of the whole team.
After a lot of hard work, we finally got the campaign off the ground.
We've got all we need, so let's get the show on the road.
We didn't get the contract but we gave our competitors a run for their money!
The restaurant went belly up before the end of the first year.
I was able to buy the car simply because it was going for a song.
If the new road bypasses the town, a lot of shops will go out of business.
Share options are offered to top executives as golden handcuffs.
They opened a coffee shop that is a going concern today.
The manager got early retirement and a golden handshake when the company was restructured.
An internship in that company would be a golden opportunity for you - it might lead to a permanent job later.
Golden parachutes entitle them to a full year's salary if they get booted out of the company.
In some countries, it is common practice to grease government officials' palms.
We increased our market share and gained the upper hand over our competitors.
As the opening day approached, it was all hands on deck to have everything ready in time.
John can't help. He has his hands tied by his boss.
When I went to offer help, the kitchen was already a hive of activity.
Could you hold the fort please while I go to the post office?
The product was so successful that its name became a household word in no time.
Job counselors recommend keeping several irons in the fire when you're looking for work.
He intends to hit the ground running when he starts his new job.
When organic food became popular, certain stores were quick to jump on the bandwagon and promote it.
Business has been slow, but we've managed to keep our heads above water.
Some banks have become lame ducks recently.
If you want to succeed, you'll have to knuckle down to some serious work.
It was evident that the left hand did not know what the right hand was doing when we planned our potluck dinner party, since everyone brought dessert and no one brought a main dish.
The contract to supply computers to schools was a license to print money!
Successful athletes are advised to make hay while the sun shines.
Weekend getaways that allow you to mix business with pleasure have become fashionable.
The results announced seem suspicious - I think there's some monkey business going on.
Our objectives have been set for next year. Let's hope the boss doesn't move the goalposts halfway through.
Movers and shakers are assembling in Brussels for the summit.
I was interested in the project, but we didn't get down to the nitty-gritty until his partner arrived.
We need to discuss the nuts and bolts of the proposal before going any further.
I spoke to my opposite number in several local companies and we all agreed to join the anti-pollution campaign.
Adopting an ostrich strategy will only make matters worse - we've got to find a solution.
Sam is hoping for a bonus for his good results, but he may be overplaying his hand if he asks for a promotion.
The interview went well. I hope I'll pass muster.
Whenever a customer comes to complain, she always finds a way of looking busy - a great way of passing the buck!
The campaign started slowly but picked up steam after Christmas.
A new version is in the pipeline at the moment.
It's always tempting to play the market, but it's more risky at the present time.
It's great working with Sandra. She always pulls her weight.
We'll have to put our shoulders to the wheel to deliver the goods on time.
Cosmetic surgeons are doing a roaring business these days.
The house was in a mess after the party so we had to roll up our sleeves and start cleaning.
He's a smart kid. It won't take him long to learn the ropes.
We can't conclude the deal without the director's seal of approval.
She seconded the motion to introduce flexible working hours.
Examining job applications is the first stage in separating the sheep from the goats.
The agreement set the stage for their future working relationship.
When Tom started neglecting the customers, he was told to shape up or ship out.
I consulted a lawyer before signing on the dotted line.
Identifying a specific segment of the market as our target will be more effective than a shotgun approach.
It is hoped that the agreement will be signed, sealed and delivered before the end of the week.
The office is closed the week after Christmas but there will be a skeleton staff to handle essential operations.
He works alone but his business is partly financed by a silent partner.
Smokestack industries are no longer authorized  in residential areas.
We've used the same supplier for years and we always get a square deal.
Let's start the ball rolling by calling on our first speaker. 
Our competitor stole a march on us and got the big contract.
Steve stepped into the breach when his colleague had a car accident.
Friedman was thrown into the breach when our head coach suddenly quit.
William has been trained to step into his father's shoes when he retires.
I got a comfortable lifestyle by the sweat of my brow. I owe it to nobody but myself!
We had lunch together but it was strictly business.
They found that the mayor was involved in a number of sweetheart agreements.
When I take the floor, my speech will be short.
When our main competitor went out of business, the market segment was there for the taking.
You can't just manufacture a product then throw it over the wall to the sales department!
He's a tough negotiator; he knows all the tricks of the trade.
It took several years to get his law practice up and running.
After causing a diplomatic incident, Carter got his walking papers.
Since the beginning of the election campaign, there's been a lot of wheeling and dealing going on.
Our company is small so the employees need to be flexible and accept to wear more than one hat.
There were smiles all round when the contract was signed - it was a win-win situation.
Officials say they have to plan for all kinds of possibilities, that they have to be able to walk and chew gum at the same time.
I tried cleaning it with vinegar and it worked like a charm!
Another goal is to fight brain drain - to make sure fellows return home to use their educations.
My husband is a chef, so for him time off with the family is often a busman's holiday!
Their father is on the dole so the family is living on a tight budget.
As usual, the cream of the crop of this year's graduates were offered the best jobs.
Teachers are duty bound to report a pupil's absence from school.
The managing director of the bank is in the firing line since the fraud was discovered.
When a company is restructured, the senior staff are often the first to get the axe.
Dad says he's going to hang up his boots at the end of the year.
Jenny has a very interesting job, but she's paid peanuts. 
John resented having to play second fiddle to the sales manager when the company was restructured.
Ideally he'd like to find himself a plum job in New York.
Charlie is out there pounding the pavement since he lost his job.
He's in good health and he feels it's too early to be put out to pasture.
The manager is busy showing the ropes to two new trainees.
There are many young actors waiting in the wings ready to show their talent.
In protest against the new measures, the employees decided to work to rule.
Any inspector worth their salt would have checked the papers carefully.
A certain percentage of photocopies are in fact xerox subsidies.
