内容	解释
Ken was in hot water about forgetting his wedding anniversary.	肯忘了他的结婚纪念日，麻烦大了。
Peter told his boss that he wouldn't quit. He's in it for the long haul.	彼得告诉他的老板，他不会退出。他打算长期任职。
Jack tried to be kind to his boss when he quit his job because he didn't want to burn his bridges.	杰克在辞职时尽量友好地对待老板，因为他想留条后路。
Alan got the sack for repeatedly coming into work late.	艾伦因为工作屡次迟到而被解雇。
The fireman said that injuries were common in his line of work.	消防员说，受伤在他这行很常见。
The ball is in his court now. Let's wait for his decision.	现在是他掌握着主动，我们等着他的决定吧。
It took me a month to learn the ropes at my new job.	我花了一个月掌握我新工作的窍门。
The politician set the record straight about his experiences in the military.	这位政治家澄清了他在军队的经历。
The project was put on the back burner while the company focused on a more immediate problem.	公司专注于一个更眼前的问题，该项目就放在次要位置了。
Everyone agreed not to talk shop at the staff party.	大家都同意在员工聚会上不说工作上的事。
It's time we get the ball rolling on the new project.	我们是时候开始着手新项目了。
Jennifer took a position as an administrative assistant to get her foot in the door at the famous fashion company.	珍妮弗成为了一名行政助理，在进入著名时装公司中迈出了第一步。
Greg had to put his weekend plans on hold and go into the office on Saturday for a few hours.	格雷格不得不把他的周末计划搁置，在周六去了办公室几个小时。
If we want to finish this by Friday, then we've really got our work cut out for us.	如果我们要在星期五完成这个，那么我们的工作安排真的十分紧张。
Jim and his father don't see eye to eye on the issue of abortion.	吉姆和他的父亲在堕胎问题上持不同意见。
After some small talk, the interview began.	一些闲聊之后，面试开始了。
I really had to twist my sister's arm to get her to pick me up from the airport.	我费了好大的劲儿才说服我姐让她来机场接我。
It's already 6 pm. Let's call it a day.	已经下午6点了，我们收工吧。
Most of the employees were kept in the dark about the merger until the last minute.	对于公司的合并，大多数雇员直到最后一刻都被蒙在鼓里。
The boss told Janet to call the shots while he was away.	老板告诉珍妮特，他离开时，她来做主。
The company has been in the red since September.	九月以来，该公司一直亏损。
After her holiday, it took Kate a few hours to get back up to speed on the recent developments in her company.	她的假期结束后，凯特花了几个小时重新跟进她公司最近的发展状况。
Todd was headhunted by his company's main competitor.	托德被他公司的主要竞争对手挖走了。
The group members were all on the same wavelength, so they were able to finish their project quickly.	小组成员协调一致，所以他们能很快完成他们的项目。
Mike is a marketing genius. People often invite him to lunch or dinner so they can pick his brains.	迈克是一个营销天才。人们经常邀请他去吃午餐或晚餐，这样他们就可以请教他很多问题了。
As a rule of thumb, I don't eat food that smells bad.	按经验，我不吃闻起来不好的食物。
My father reads the fine print on every contract he signs.	我的父亲会细读他签的每一份合同的详细条款。
Jim found it hard to focus on his work with his boss breathing down his neck.	吉姆发现，他老板密切注意他时，他难以集中精力于他的工作。
Having children can be an obstacle for women who want to climb the corporate ladder.	对想要爬上职业阶梯的女性来说，要孩子可能会是一个障碍。
Mark's visa application was held up for six months because of red tape.	因为官僚体制，马克的签证申请耽搁了六个月。
When his father died, Mark was given free rein to do whatever he liked with the family business.	当他的父亲去世后，马克可以自由地拿家族事业做他想做的事。
When the boss was on holiday, everyone at the office slacked off.	老板去度假，大家在办公室也松懈了。
The company has a glass ceiling that prevents women from being promoted to higher positions.	这公司的玻璃天花板让女性无法晋升到更高的职位。
The boss gave the manager free rein with the new project. 	老板在新项目给予了经理充分的自由。
The computer company decided to give the workers an across-the-board increase in their salary.	这家计算机公司决定给员工全面提高薪水。
We were forced to sell the computers at a big loss.	我们被迫亏本出售电脑。
The government decided to bail out the failing bank in order to maintain stability in the economy.	政府决定帮助将破产银行摆脱困境，以保持经济稳定。
Roger is an up-and-coming hockey player from Toronto.	罗杰是一个来自多伦多，刚崭露头角的新兴曲棍球球员。
The contractor gave us a ballpark figure for the cost of repairing the new building.	承包商给了我们维修新大楼成本的大致数目。
We were able to get a big bang for the buck when we advertised on the Internet.	我们在互联网上做广告，成本小，效果好。
There aren't many bankers who keep banker's hours these days.	现今没有多少银行家还能维持安逸的工作方式。
We asked the bean counter to look over the figures in the new budget.	我们叫会计来检查新预算的数目。
The new director was a big wheel in his previous company.	新来的经理在他以前的公司是一个大人物。
The bottom fell out of the market and I lost a lot of money.	市场行情大跌​​，我亏了很多的钱。
When they examined the bottom line of the company they decided not to invest in it.	当他们查看了公司的盈亏数字后，他们决定不投资。
All my problems seem to be bottoming out. They can't get much worse. 	我所有的问题已经在最低谷。他们不可能变得更糟。
The boys in the back room told us that we must close down the factory as soon as possible.	幕后决策者告诉我们，我们必须尽快关闭工厂。
After only three months the company was able to break even and start making profits.	仅仅三个月后，公司就达到了收支平衡，并开始赢利。
We have been going through a severe budget squeeze at our company and must begin to stop spending money in a wasteful manner.	我们的公司在经历严重的预算紧缩，必须停止铺张浪费。
The land developer tried to buy off the politician but he was not successful.	土地开发商试图收买政客，但他没有成功。
You haven't done your share of the work by a long shot.	你份内的工作一点都没有做。
The company was bought out by another large company in the textile industry.	该公司被另一家纺织行业的大公司完全收购。
They took a calculated risk when they introduced the new computer screen onto the market.	他们在市场上推出新电脑屏幕时，承担了预期的风险。
The president of our company was a captain of industry and after he retired he was appointed to many government boards.	我们公司老板是工业界大腕，他退休之后被委任到很多政府部门委员会里。
We were forced to carry over the sale to the Monday after the national holiday.	我们被迫把促销推迟到国庆假期后的那个星期一。
Our company is still facing difficult times and we will have to carry over last year's losses to this year.	我们公司仍处于困难时期，我们将不得不把去年的亏损背负到今年。
The president's new idea carried the day and everyone supported him energetically.	总经理的新想法取得了成功，所有人都积极地支持他。
The steel company carried through their plan to restructure all of their operations.	这家钢铁公司已将重组计划操作付诸于实施。
They closed out all of last season's merchandise.	他们抛售了上季所有的货物。
They usually close the books at the end of February every year.	他们通常在每年二月底停止入帐。
When he first started to work at his company he was asked to make cold calls using the telephone book.	当他刚来公司工作时，公司要求他用电话簿给潜在客户打电话。
The salesman came on too strong at the meeting and angered the other members of the team.	这个销售在会上咄咄逼人，激怒了组里其他成员。
My father was a true company man and was always putting in an extra effort for his company.	我的父亲是一个真正忠于的公司的人，总是为他的公司全力付出。
The company has been cutting back on entertainment expenses for over a year now.	现在公司已经削减娱乐开支一年多了。
I won't cut corners just to save money. I put quality first.	我不会仅为了省钱而走捷径，我看重质量。
The speech of the president was cut off when the electricity went off in the building.	大楼停电时，主席的演讲被切断了。
We should sell the old machinery as soon as possible and try to cut our losses.	我们应该尽快卖掉旧机器，尽量减少损失。
The new owner of the company is not very popular but he is able to deliver the goods.	公司的新老板不是很受欢迎，不过他还能不负所望。
Although the face value of the postage stamp was very low it sold at the auction for much money.	虽然这邮票的面值是非常低，但拍卖了很多钱。
We were unable to double-check the costs of the new products before the price list was printed.	在价格表印出来之前，我们没法复核新产品的成本。
Everyone in our company is trying to figure out what our boss is going to do with the new equipment.	公司里的每个人都试图弄明白老板会拿这个新设备做些什么。
That new machine should fill the bill as to what we need to finish the job.	那台新机器应当能够满足我们完成任务的所有需求。
The new manager has his finger in the pie in all aspects of our company's business.	新来的经理对公司事务的方方面面都要插一手。
Our company has been gaining ground in our attempt to be the best in the industry.	我们公司在努力成为行业佼佼者的道路上不断前行。
We were unable to get the new product off the ground and will have to wait until next year.	我们的新产品毫无进展，不得不一直等到明年。
We were able to get a break on the price of the painting and saved a lot of money.	我们成功的为画作谈到了一个好价格，省了一大笔钱。
Our boss gave us the green light to begin work on the new sales promotion.	我们老板给我们新的促销工作开了绿灯。
The stock of the Internet company rose very quickly when they went public.	互联网企业一上市，他们的股票就会飞涨。
The car salesman gave us a hard sell so we decided to go to another dealer.	这个汽车推销员对我们强行兜售，于是我们决定去找其他经销商。
Heads will roll when our boss learns about the money that we have lost recently.	如果老板知道我们最近损失了多少钱，我们就丢饭碗了。
The company refused to deal with the customer's complaints until they saw them in black and white.	该公司拒绝处理顾客的投诉，除非他们是白纸黑字写着的。
We have been in the market for a new computer for a long time but we still haven't bought one.	我们物色一台新电脑已经很长时间了，但直到现在都还没有买。
The company has been losing money recently but in the long run they should do very well.	近期以来，该公司一直处于亏损状态，但从长远来看，他们应该会做得很好。
The new company has been in the black for over a year now.	如今这家新公司已经持续盈利一年多了。
The company began to go into the red when the price of oil began to rise rapidly.	石油价格刚开始迅速上升，该公司就开始亏损。
The company has a new automatic camera in the works but nobody knows about it yet.	该公司有一种新的自动照相机正在筹备中，但目前为止还没有人知道这一消息。
They have been making a great effort to keep track of the number of visitors to their store.	他们花费了很大的功夫去记录来他们商店的顾客人数。
The steel companies decided to jack up the price of steel at the beginning of the year.	钢铁企业决定于年初提高钢铁的售价。
Although he works very hard in his small business he has been unable to make a go of it and may soon go out of business.	尽管他很努力地经营他的小生意，但他没能成功，也许很快就会破产了。
Our boss means business when he tells everyone to try and work harder.	老板严肃地告诉每一个人，要尽力努力工作。
My friend had no money so he decided to buy the furniture on credit.	我的朋友身无分文，于是他决定赊购这件家具。
As soon as they purchased the company they began to put some of the equipment on the block.	他们一收购到这家公司，就将公司里的一些设备拿出来进行拍卖。
They ran short of gasoline at the gas station and had to close early.	加油站的汽油用完了，不得不提早停止营业。
The automobile company has been drowning in red ink since the US dollar began to rise.	自从美元开始升值，这个汽车公司就陷入了赤字。
Now research has proved that the new drug is effective, everyone wants a piece of the action.	现在已有研究证明这种新药疗效很好，每个人都想分一杯羹。
We decided to strike while the iron was hot and began to market the product around the time of the Olympics.	我们决定趁热打铁，在奥运会举办期间就开始销售这一产品。
The children's toys were selling like hotcakes at the end of the year.	年末的时候，儿童玩具很畅销。
The stock market took a nosedive when the earnings of the oil company began to weaken.	石油公司的收益一减少，股市就开始暴跌。
We were able to make a sweetheart deal with our landlord and got the rent greatly reduced.	我们成功地和房东在私下里达成了协议，减免了很大一部分房租。
The company took on many new workers during the busy holiday season.	在繁忙的假日期间，该公司雇佣了许多新员工。
We decided it was necessary to take our company public in order to raise money to expand our facilities.	我们决定，有必要将我们的公司上市，以筹集资金、扩大生产设备规模。
The government decided to take over the bank after it declared bankruptcy.	该银行宣告破产后，政府决定接管它。
The department store closes down for three days every March in order to take stock.	该百货公司每年三月都会暂停营业三天以盘点库存。
The managers threw cold water on the plans to close down the factory for one week in August.	经理们对八月闭厂一周的计划泼了冷水。
The president of our company is willing to throw a lot of money at the problem in the hope of solving it.	我们公司总裁乐意在这个问题上砸大钱，以期解决它。
The computer manufacturing company has been in a tight spot since the shortage of computer chips appeared.	自从电脑芯片出现短缺，电脑制造公司就陷入了困境。
I spent the weekend trying to work out the budget estimates for next year.	我花了周末的时间，试着制定出明年的概算。
It was impossible for the bank to collect the money so they were forced to write off the loan.	银行不可能收回这笔钱，因此他们被迫将贷款一笔勾销。
The employees turn over pretty regularly in this department.	在这个部门里面， 员工流动非常频繁。
The stores sold out their stocks of that game long before Christmas.	早在圣诞节之前，商店里的游戏已经销售一空。
The manager has an ace up her sleeve. She'll surprise us with it later.	经理手中握有王牌。稍后她会用这个让我们大吃一惊。
Given the high unemployment rates today, employers hold all the aces.	考虑到现如今的高失业率，雇主占据了主动权。
The insurance companies are cracking down on ambulance chasers.	保险公司正在打压一些怂恿索赔的律师。
We get two days off at Christmas and then it's back to the salt mines!	我们在圣诞节有两天假，然后就又要辛苦工作了。
This store is famous for its bait and switch tactics.	该商店因其诱导推销策略而广为人知。
Tom was given a blank check and told to negotiate the best deal possible.	汤姆获准全权处理，被告知要协商出尽可能好的价格。
There are no secret negotiations. Our dealings have always been above board.	我们没有任何秘密协议，交易一直都是光明正大的。
It's usually safe to invest in a blue chip company.	通常来说，投资一家蓝筹公司比较稳妥。
The situation was so serious that after a few polite exchanges they quickly got down to brass tacks.	形势十分严峻，以至于他们只寒暄了几句，就迅速步入正题。
He's not going to break his back for such a low price!	他不会为了这么点钱（工资）就拼命工作的。
Click businesses are usually more flexible than brick-and-mortar operations.	电子商务比实体业务更灵活。
It was business as usual at the supermarket the day after the hold-up.	抢劫案次日，超市照常营业。
I'd love to have lunch with you  but I've got a report to finish - business before pleasure I'm afraid!	我非常乐意与你共进午餐，但我还有一个报告要完成——工作在前，享乐在后了，恐怕。
I'll hire your brother only if he is the best candidate. I'm sorry but business is business!	只有你哥哥是最合适的人选时我才会雇他。我很抱歉，但公事公办。
She once worked for a famous fashion designer but she couldn't stand the pace.	她曾为一个知名时装设计师工作，但她无法跟上工作节奏。
In today's competitive market it is better to carve out a niche and try to become the best in that area.	在今天竞争激烈的市场里，更应该开拓利基（细分）市场，努力成为该领域的领头者。
His latest invention turned out to be a real cash cow.	他的最新发明成为了一棵摇钱树。
Andy cashed in his chips as soon as business started to slow down.	安迪在他的生意刚走一点下坡路的时候就套现了。
The business wasn't successful. There were too many chiefs and not enough Indians.	这笔生意并不成功。管理人员太多，真正做事的人太少。
Paul's final argument enabled us to clinch the deal.	保尔的最终阐述，让我们敲定了这笔交易。
This warehouse is an important cog in our distribution machine.	这个仓库是我们配送环节中非常重要的一环。
He signed a copper-bottomed agreement with a distributor.	他和一个经销商签订了一个非常可靠的协议。
By importing large quantities and selling at low prices, they have cornered the market.	他们用大量进口、低价销售的方式垄断市场。
It was suggested that some creative accounting might help to attract investors.	有人建议说，寻机性会计也许能有助于吸引投资者。
When the new manager arrived, he didn't find the situation as cut and dried as he had expected.	新经理到岗时，他发现情况并不像他所想的那样清晰明了。
The company is at the cutting edge of aeronautics.	该公司处在航空学的最前沿。
The new manager wants to reduce costs by cutting out the dead wood.	新经理希望通过裁减无用的人来减少开支。
Although I did all the spadework, my name was never mentioned.	虽然我做了所有费力枯燥的准备工作，但是我的名字从未被提及。
The business world is tough today. There's a general dog-eat-dog attitude.	如今的商界很残酷，普遍是一种不择手段的态度。
The talented young actress has the world at her feet.	这位有才华的年轻女演员十分受欢迎，前程似锦。
Despite the recent measures, the economy is in the doldrums.	尽管最近的一些措施，经济仍然不景气。
We're still considering several proposals, so it's not a done deal yet.	我们还在考虑几项提案，所以这事还没定下来。
I do the grunt work - my boss gets the credit!	我做繁重的工作，我老板得称赞！
His years of research went down the drain when the company went bankrupt.	公司破产后，他多年的研究都付诸东流。
Fortunately it's not doom and gloom for all businesses, in spite of the economic situation.	尽管经济形势如此，但幸运的是，并非所有的行业都前景黯淡。
Clinton and Obama teaming up for the elections would be a dream ticket for many Democrats.	对于许多民主党人来说，克林顿和奥巴马联手参加竞选，堪称“梦幻组合”。
Let's do a dry run of the ceremony to make sure everything goes smoothly.	让我们来为典礼做一次彩排，确保一切进展顺利。
The firefighter received a medal for his action which went above and beyond the call of duty.	这个消防员因其职责之外的义举被授予了奖章。
The new accountant works all the time - first to arrive and last to leave. He's a real eager beaver!	新来的会计不停歇地工作——最先到，最后走。他真是个勤奋卖力的人。
It took a considerable amount of elbow grease to renovate the old house.	翻修这套旧房子花费了相当大的功夫。
We farmed out the packaging to another company.	我们把封装工作外包给了另一家公司。
For information about the activities in this town, you should talk to John Brown. He's got a finger in every pie.	关于镇上诸多活动的信息，你应该和约翰·布朗谈谈。他什么事都要插手。
My boss gave me a free hand in the choice of supplier.	老板在供应商的选择上给予了我充分的自主权。
His willingness to get his hands dirty won the respect and approval of the whole team.	他亲历亲为的意愿，赢得了整个团队的尊重和肯定。
After a lot of hard work, we finally got the campaign off the ground.	经过一番努力的工作，我们终于让这个活动有所进展。
We've got all we need, so let's get the show on the road.	我们所需的一切都已经准备好了，现在让我们开始行动吧。
We didn't get the contract but we gave our competitors a run for their money!	我们没有签到这笔合同，但我们给了对手很大的压力。
The restaurant went belly up before the end of the first year.	这家餐馆在营业第一年结束之前就倒闭了。
I was able to buy the car simply because it was going for a song.	我能买下这辆车仅仅只是因为它非常便宜。
If the new road bypasses the town, a lot of shops will go out of business.	如果新建的道路绕开这座城镇，许多商铺就会歇业。
Share options are offered to top executives as golden handcuffs.	股票期权是作为金手铐提供给高管的。
They opened a coffee shop that is a going concern today.	他们开了一家咖啡店，如今能够持续经营。
The manager got early retirement and a golden handshake when the company was restructured.	公司重组的时候，该经理提前退休，并获得了一大笔离职金。
An internship in that company would be a golden opportunity for you - it might lead to a permanent job later.	在那个公司的实习对你来说是个难得的好机会——往后它也许能带来一份固定工作。
Golden parachutes entitle them to a full year's salary if they get booted out of the company.	如果他们被公司解雇，金色降落伞（高管遣散金）让他们有权获得一整年的薪水。
In some countries, it is common practice to grease government officials' palms.	在有些国家，行贿政府官员是种惯例。
We increased our market share and gained the upper hand over our competitors.	我们提高了我方的市场份额，占了我们的对手上风。
As the opening day approached, it was all hands on deck to have everything ready in time.	随着开幕日的临近，每个人都要帮忙，以确保所有的东西都能按时准备完毕。
John can't help. He has his hands tied by his boss.	约翰帮不了忙。他受限于他的老板。
When I went to offer help, the kitchen was already a hive of activity.	当我去帮忙的时候，厨房里已是一片繁忙的景象。
Could you hold the fort please while I go to the post office?	我去邮局的时候能麻烦你代为照看一下吗？
The product was so successful that its name became a household word in no time.	这个产品实在是太成功了，以至于只是一眨眼的功夫，它的名字就已经家喻户晓了。
Job counselors recommend keeping several irons in the fire when you're looking for work.	求职顾问建议找工作时要广撒网。
He intends to hit the ground running when he starts his new job.	开始他的新工作时。他打算满怀干劲投入其中。
When organic food became popular, certain stores were quick to jump on the bandwagon and promote it.	有机食品大受欢迎时，某些商店紧随潮流，对其进行推销。
Business has been slow, but we've managed to keep our heads above water.	生意不景气，但我们仍能勉强维持。
Some banks have become lame ducks recently.	最近，一些银行成为了跛脚鸭，陷入了困境。
If you want to succeed, you'll have to knuckle down to some serious work.	如果你想要成功，你就得踏踏实实、认真工作。
It was evident that the left hand did not know what the right hand was doing when we planned our potluck dinner party, since everyone brought dessert and no one brought a main dish.	很显然，在我们准备百乐餐聚会的时候，组织混乱，因为每个人都带了甜点，但没有一个人带主食。
The contract to supply computers to schools was a license to print money!	为学校提供电脑的合同就是一张印钞许可。
Successful athletes are advised to make hay while the sun shines.	成绩显赫的运动员们被建议要抓住机会。
Weekend getaways that allow you to mix business with pleasure have become fashionable.	周末出游能让你劳逸结合，这已经成为了一种流行。
The results announced seem suspicious - I think there's some monkey business going on.	公布的结果看上去很可疑——我料想有人在搞鬼。
Our objectives have been set for next year. Let's hope the boss doesn't move the goalposts halfway through.	我们明年的目标已经定下来了，希望老板不要到半路改标准。
Movers and shakers are assembling in Brussels for the summit.	有权有势的人正聚集到布鲁塞尔参加峰会。
I was interested in the project, but we didn't get down to the nitty-gritty until his partner arrived.	我对这个项目很感兴趣，但在他的伙伴到达以前，我们无法着手处理实质问题。
We need to discuss the nuts and bolts of the proposal before going any further.	在更进一步之前，我们需要讨论一下这个提案的具体细节。
I spoke to my opposite number in several local companies and we all agreed to join the anti-pollution campaign.	我与几家本地公司的同级谈过，我们都同意加入这个个反污染运动。
Adopting an ostrich strategy will only make matters worse - we've got to find a solution.	采取鸵鸟策略只会让事情变得更糟——我们必须要找到解决的办法。
Sam is hoping for a bonus for his good results, but he may be overplaying his hand if he asks for a promotion.	山姆希望因他的好业绩拿到奖金，但如果他要求升职，他也许是自视甚高了。
The interview went well. I hope I'll pass muster.	面试进行得很顺利，希望我能合格过关。
Whenever a customer comes to complain, she always finds a way of looking busy - a great way of passing the buck!	不管什么时候客户来投诉，她都能做出一副很忙的样子——真是推卸责任的好方法！
The campaign started slowly but picked up steam after Christmas.	活动开始时进展缓慢，但圣诞过后发展迅猛。
A new version is in the pipeline at the moment.	此时此刻，新版正在筹备当中。
It's always tempting to play the market, but it's more risky at the present time.	买卖股票总是很诱人，但目前风险变大了。
It's great working with Sandra. She always pulls her weight.	和桑德拉共事真是太好了。她总能做好份内之事。
We'll have to put our shoulders to the wheel to deliver the goods on time.	为了按时完成任务，我们必须得努力工作。
Cosmetic surgeons are doing a roaring business these days.	如今，整容医生的生意十分兴隆。
The house was in a mess after the party so we had to roll up our sleeves and start cleaning.	聚会过后房子里乱成一团，于是我们只能卷起袖子开始打扫卫生。
He's a smart kid. It won't take him long to learn the ropes.	他是个聪明的孩子，很快就能掌握诀窍。
We can't conclude the deal without the director's seal of approval.	没有主管的批准，我们无法达成协议。
She seconded the motion to introduce flexible working hours.	她赞同引进弹性工作时间的议案。
Examining job applications is the first stage in separating the sheep from the goats.	审查求职简历是选拔人才的第一阶段。
The agreement set the stage for their future working relationship.	这份合约为他们未来的合作关系打下了基础。
When Tom started neglecting the customers, he was told to shape up or ship out.	当汤姆开始忽视客户时，他被告知，要么好好干，要么就走人。
I consulted a lawyer before signing on the dotted line.	在正式签署协议之前，我咨询了一个律师。
Identifying a specific segment of the market as our target will be more effective than a shotgun approach.	将市场的特定部分作为我们的目标，会比广泛撒网更有效。
It is hoped that the agreement will be signed, sealed and delivered before the end of the week.	希望在本周结束以前这份协议能够签字盖章。
The office is closed the week after Christmas but there will be a skeleton staff to handle essential operations.	圣诞节后的一周办事处不办公，但那里会有一名骨干人员维持核心运营。
He works alone but his business is partly financed by a silent partner.	他独立工作，但他生意的部分资金来源于一位匿名的合伙人。
Smokestack industries are no longer authorized  in residential areas.	重污染工业不再会被批准建立于居民区内。
We've used the same supplier for years and we always get a square deal.	我们与同一个供货商合作很多年了，一直很公道。
Let's start the ball rolling by calling on our first speaker. 	有请我们的第一位发言者来开个头。
Our competitor stole a march on us and got the big contract.	我们的竞争对手抢先我们一步，拿到了这份大合同。
Steve stepped into the breach when his colleague had a car accident.	同事出了车祸以后，史蒂夫挺身相助，负担了他的工作。
Friedman was thrown into the breach when our head coach suddenly quit.	我们的主教练突然辞职后，弗里德曼被推出来担任代理教练。
William has been trained to step into his father's shoes when he retires.	威廉接受了培养，要在父亲退休时接替他的职位。
I got a comfortable lifestyle by the sweat of my brow. I owe it to nobody but myself!	我靠自己的辛勤劳动过上了舒适的生活。这归功于我自己，而不是别人。
We had lunch together but it was strictly business.	我们一起吃了午餐，但这完全是公务。
They found that the mayor was involved in a number of sweetheart agreements.	他们发现市长涉及了若干黄色劳工协议。
When I take the floor, my speech will be short.	当我上台发言的时候，我的演讲会很短。
When our main competitor went out of business, the market segment was there for the taking.	我们的主要竞争对手破产后，他们的市场份额就是我们的囊中之物了。
You can't just manufacture a product then throw it over the wall to the sales department!	你不能只是制造出一种产品，就把它丢给销售部门不管了。
“你能给我你的柠檬酥皮派的配方么？”“不行。这是商业机密。”	“你能给我你的柠檬酥皮派的配方么？”“不行。这是商业机密。”
He's a tough negotiator; he knows all the tricks of the trade.	他是个很棘手的谈判者，深谙各种门道。
It took several years to get his law practice up and running.	他用了几年的时间让自己的律师事务步入正轨。
After causing a diplomatic incident, Carter got his walking papers.	在引发了外交争端之后，卡特被解职了。
Since the beginning of the election campaign, there's been a lot of wheeling and dealing going on.	自从竞选活动开始，就有很多投机取巧的事情发生。
Our company is small so the employees need to be flexible and accept to wear more than one hat.	我们公司规模很小，所以雇员们需要很灵活，并能接受身兼数职。
There were smiles all round when the contract was signed - it was a win-win situation.	签订合同的时候大家都满面春风——这是一个双赢的局面。
Officials say they have to plan for all kinds of possibilities, that they have to be able to walk and chew gum at the same time.	官员们表示，他们需要为各种可能性作好准备，因为他们必须要能同时处理几个问题。
I tried cleaning it with vinegar and it worked like a charm!	我尝试用醋来清洗它，结果很有效。
Another goal is to fight brain drain - to make sure fellows return home to use their educations.	另一个目标是抑制人才流失——确保大家会回到家乡运用自己的所学。
My husband is a chef, so for him time off with the family is often a busman's holiday!	我老公是一名厨师，所以对他来说，和家人一起休假也常常做着和工作一样的事情。
Their father is on the dole so the family is living on a tight budget.	他们的父亲靠领救济金度日，所以全家的生活很拮据。
As usual, the cream of the crop of this year's graduates were offered the best jobs.	和往年一样，今年毕业生中的尖子生得到了最好的工作。
Teachers are duty bound to report a pupil's absence from school.	老师们有责任对学生的缺课进行上报。
The managing director of the bank is in the firing line since the fraud was discovered.	诈骗案曝光以后，该银行的董事总经理处在风口浪尖。
When a company is restructured, the senior staff are often the first to get the axe.	公司重组的时候，高级职员常常是第一批被解雇的。
Dad says he's going to hang up his boots at the end of the year.	爸爸说他准备年底退休。
Jenny has a very interesting job, but she's paid peanuts. 	詹妮有一份很有意思的工作，但她得到的薪酬很低。
John resented having to play second fiddle to the sales manager when the company was restructured.	约翰对于公司重组后不得不给销售经理当副手一事满心怨恨。
Ideally he'd like to find himself a plum job in New York.	理想的状况下，他想给自己在纽约找个肥差。
Charlie is out there pounding the pavement since he lost his job.	自从失业以后，查理就在为找工作四处奔波。
He's in good health and he feels it's too early to be put out to pasture.	他的健康状况很好，觉得现在被要求离职太早了。
The manager is busy showing the ropes to two new trainees.	经理正忙着为两个新来的实习生讲解工作事项。
There are many young actors waiting in the wings ready to show their talent.	有许多年轻演员在等待机遇，准备展示自己的才华。
In protest against the new measures, the employees decided to work to rule.	为了表示对新措施的抗议，雇员们决定怠工。
Any inspector worth their salt would have checked the papers carefully.	任何一个称职的检查员都会仔细地核对这些文件。
A certain percentage of photocopies are in fact xerox subsidies.	事实上，有一定比例的复印件是员工用来办私事的。
